When I signed up for Comp 170, I quickly learned from Mr. leo that I should treat it like a job I really enjoy and wanted to succeed in, and I think I made that commitment. I tried to always attend class on time, although I understand I may have missed like 4 sessions, but it was because I went back home for a while and sometimes my schedule got conflicted with class time, but besides that I always attended class on time , but I always tried to stay up to date with the readings and all the read me emails to stay up tp date. When it comes to engagement and participation during class time I admit I wasnt the first one to raise my hand , but I tried to stay actively involved asking classmates questions as well as messaging Mr. Leo with any concerns, but I usually did this after class. I also tried to actively have my camera on for al sessions with sometimes having to turn it off for a couple minutes due to interruptions, whether it was at home or interruptios from my roommates, but I tried to keep it on most of the time besides that. I also believe that I was mentally present during class, and I was never travelling or driving while in class or trying to multitask. I also want to mention that I had an office hours quick call with Mr. Leo one time about questions regarding an assignment for week03, which also motivated me to do more of the reading and dedicate the class more time outside of the class hours so I can further succeed and stay more engaged, and I thank Mr. Leo for that. When it comes to assignments I turned everything in before the due date and kept organized with my time, Week 02’s loop exercises, Week 03’s function writing, Week 04’s recursion challenges, Week 05’s file I/O task, Week 06’s debugging drills, Week 07’s Git workflows, Week 08’s object‑oriented designs, through Week 09’s recursive versus iterative comparisons went in on time. I admit on some assignments I missed the reflection part and focused only on the code, but I used that as a good reminder that I have to blance the technical work with a little bit of self review and reflection on past work. Reviewing the posted solutions thoroughly after each assignment helped me spot differences like adding type hints, guarding against None, and naming variables more descriptively—which I then applied in later weeks to improve my code quality. I understand I may have had some mistakes but it is all part of the learning process like Mr. Leo said, I believe I dedicated time and effort to assignments and overall class and was always trying to improve. I really enjoyed this course first of all being my first online course at loyola I had my doubts but I quickly realized Mr. Leo has a great teaching tyle and great explanations making me enjoy the course more, I appreciate Mr. Leo's support and I thank him for setting the foundation for my confidence in python for future classes and projects. Based on the above I propose A as my final grade.